Include built-in UI translation for regional docs (#475)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/two-experts-rest.md

---
"@astrojs/starlight": patch
---

> Now regional language variants (e.g. `pt-BR`) receives its base language's (e.g. `pt`) built-in translations by default. 

Reviewer: I think we can expand on this slightly to be extra clear:
```suggestion
Locales whose language tag includes a regional subtag now use built-in UI translations for their base language. For example, a locale with a language of `pt-BR` will use our `pt` UI translations.
```
